# Github tutorial for BB Clucb 2017
## GitHub is primarily a web platform, which hosts code repositories along with distributed version control. Today, almost every developer working on a group project or individually uses GitHub as most important tool due to its capability of making version control easier. Github is a Web-based Git version control repository hosting service.  It provides access control and several collaboration features such as bug tracking, feature requests, task management for every project. Think of it as a social network site for programers. It's a great place where you can store and share your code, manage projets and publish code. The flagship functionality of GitHub is “forking” – copying a repository from one user’s account to another. This enables you to take a project that you don’t have write access to and modify it under your own account. If you make changes you’d like to share, you can send a notification called a “pull request” to the original owner. That user can then, with a click of a button, merge the changes found in your repo with the original repo. There are three main features that make github so widely used and powerful – fork, pull request and merge.

### GitHub.com uses its own version of the Markdown syntax. Here is a great turoral/cheat sheet on the markdown syntax by [@thanpolas](https://github.com/thanpolas/Practice/blob/master/Markdown-Cheatsheet.md)
### Create a username and password that is easy for you to type. For the rest of this exercise, you will need to be logged in to GitHub.
### Let's follow this [tutorial](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/)
### Simple break down of how to use guthub https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/
